Now let us look at the next function.
This replacing a string.
Suppose I have a string.
I will take an example.
Strength still.
I will say.
Programming.
Strenuous programming.
Now here I will say replace.
I please.
Right.
And I want to replace it with some letters.
Letters C, k, k, two letters I have.
Now, this should be replaced with what if I take this as zero?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
So I have to confirm this.
This.
Now I want to replace this k k with these alphabets.
Right?
G.
R a m.
So what is the index of g three then?
How many alphabets I want to replace?
One, two, three, four.
So I should mention four here.
So this kick will be replaced at this place.
Gram will change to kick.
So it will look like this.
PR 0kk.
Then am I and g.
Right.
So this is how you can replace a substring inside one of the main string.
So let us run this and see.
I have a string here already.
Programming is given.
Now I will say str dot replace.
Replaced with indexes is three and I want total for alphabets to be replaced with this.
K.
Let us run this.
Yeah.
I got a strange PR.
Okay.
G.
I'll change it a little bit.
I want total six alphabets to be replaced with just.
Each.
Just at index three, it has started taking edge.
Then after that, it has cleared off remaining alphabets.
That is total six alphabets has gone and the remaining that is an g are appearing next.
So if I count, this is one, two, three, four, five, six.
So this is replaced with edge.
So that's it.
This type of operations we find in text editors like Notepad or MMS word, right?
So similarly, you can do it for your programming in your program.
Let us look at next function.
So here we have completed.
The next function is erase.
This is just like clear that you have explained in the previous video.
Clear, clear of the entire string.
So this is this will clear the string.
It is a string.
Then these are simple.
Just I'll finish them.
Push back.
So this will insert a single character at the end of a string.
Just a single character you can mention.
And this will be inserted at the end of a string.
Suppose you have.
Hello.
And you push back with the Z, then it will insert Z also.
Then pop back.
It will take out one of the characters from a string.
So it is more like a static operation like you can push from the end.
This is top end and you can delete some top end.
So it is a matter of just single alphabet.
This is for one single alphabet.
So even you can call it as a backspace.
It's more like backspace.
When you hit backspace from your keyboard, one of the letters will be gone.
So it's more like that.
Then this is swap.
So it will swap two strings if you have two strings, string STR, one or S1 and this is having a and
there is one more string.
True.
And this is having b, b, b, then you can swap these two strings.
So this baby will go into S1 and that will come here.
I will show you all these three functions, including this.
It is.
Let us look at the demonstration for these.
I have a string here that is programming and I will say strict.
It is.
Let us run.
It will be an empty string.
It will be cleared off.
That's the same as clear.
Now the next function is strong.
Push back.
So push back.
I want to insert a letter.
That is.
Atch.
I will just insert some random letter and see what happens.
Programming each so you can insert just a single letter.
I try to give it a string.
Let us see whether it will accept or not.
No, it's an error.
See, there is no such function which takes a string.
So it should be a single alphabet.
So you can insert the alphabet after the end of a string.
Now, if I call another function that is up back.
Got Pop back now.
It will take out one of the litter from a string that is G.
This letter will be gone.
Let us run it.
Yes, JI is gone from this one.
So it will take out the last letter from a string, just like backspace.
I will take two strings.
This is programming and this is star two as.
Language?
No, I will try to swap them.
So I will say.
SDR one dot swap with SDR to.
And I will print str one here.
I will print this tr one.
Right.
So right now is tr one is programming, but it should become language.
Yes, it has became language.
So after SDR one, I will also print SDR two.
Then you can see that they are swapped with one another.
Let us make it as straight to.
Yes, this became language and this became programming.
So that's all about a few functions from string class.
So I suggest you you try these functions and test them and if you remember them, then you can use them
properly.
So there are a few more operations I will show them in the next video.